ham	I want to visit Mauritius this summer so need to get some informations regarding the same. So what's the minimum tour package , whats services would I be provided in this package?, like all the complete details u can provide me.Regards.
spam	Hi Sachin Roy.Chief executive officers (CEOs) are the highest-ranking employees of an organization. And ofcourse, they are almost always the highest paid ones too. According to a study by the AFL-CIO, a typical CEO of a S&P 500 company earned 347 times as much as the typical employee in a non-supervisory role. A comparable figure in India is around 250 times. And that, even though lower than the 347 times in the US, is massive. While there is a debate about whether such a gap is justified, the pressure and responsibility that comes with the top job at any major company are as intense as the thrills that accompany.In 2018, 24/7 Wall St. studied CEO compensation packages for the 100 largest, publicly traded American companies by revenue. With only a few exceptions, CEOs of these companies had packages of eight-figures annually. That’s a lot of zeroes to take home!Indira Nooyi (PepsiCo), an MBA from IIM Calcutta and Yale University, was the 8th highest paid CEO in this study with a compensation of 31.1 m    
spam	This is to notify you that your over due contract funds has been gazetted to be Released,via key telex transfer (KTT) direct wire transfer to you by the Bank Central Asia for foreign over due fund transfer. Meanwhile, a man came to my office yesterday with a letter,claiming to be your True representative. Here are her information's. Bank's name----- Alternative Bank Switzerland (ABS). Bank Adresse : Kalkbreitestrasse 10, 8036 Z?rich, Suisse. Account Name---- Marco Gili. Account No----0096-8889-001-0922. Swift code : ALSWCH21XXX. Please, do reconfirm to this office, as a matter of urgency if this man is from you So that the Bank will not be held responsible for paying into the wrong account, Bank Central Asia has been approved and accredited by the Ministry Of Finance and the Senate House committee for foreign over due fund,to pay all foreign Over due inheritance funds and contract to respective original beneficiaries this first quarter Payment of the year 2019.Base the meeting held with the new Director and board of World Bank Director. However, we shall proceed to issue all payments details to the said Marco Gili, if we do not hear from you within the next seven working days from today.. In order to know you are ready to receive your approved fund, you are strictly advice to furnish us with the below information for us to cross check in our payment file if is correct, and after all verifications, we will then direct you on how to contact Legal department for your fund Transfer direct your account. 1. Your Full Name:. 2. Address:. 3. Home/Cell Phone:. 4. Age and Marital Status:. 5. Occupation:. 6. Account Details. 7. Any Identification like Int'l Passport/Driver License:. We expecting your urgent response to this email to enable us monitor this payment effectively.
spam	Greetings to you, this mail is coming to you from the U.S. Fund Comptroller's Office.We are contacting you today regarding a compensation payment which you are supposed to receive since last three years 2017.I am happy to inform you that the fund $13.6 million dollars ($13.6,000.000.00) the payment has been approved today. After a brief meeting held today by executive members of this Office,we have concluded to pay the remaining ($13.6,000.000.00) to you once and for all.The money has been deposited for you to the HSBC Bank USA.. The only fee you are required to pay is $500.00 to secure an affidavit claim certificate so that you can receive the 13.6 million dollars successful.I repeat,the only fee you are required to pay is $500.00 to secure an affidavit claim certificate nothing more.. Just in case you prefer your $13.6,000.000.00 to be deposited directly into your Bank account from HSBC Bank,you will need to provide your bank details where the funds can be transferred to you. But if you still refer the $13.6000.000.00 to be paid to you by an ATM Debit card or certified check, get back to me as soon as you read this message to enable HSBC Bank proceed immediately.You are requested to send $500.00 to secure an affidavit claim certificate before the $13.6000.000.00 payment can be finalized.. The certified check or ATM Debit card can be delivered to you at your home address personally if that is your choice.Take note,the $500.00 does not required by cash you are advised to pay the fee with an Apple iTunes gift card. Take the $500.00 go to any store where they sale Apple iTunes cards, buy $500 iTunes card scratch the card send picture of the iTunes card for a confirmation.. Within 30-minutes upon receipt of the iTunes card, the affidavit claim certificate will be ready and your $13.6000.000.00 payment will be completed. Kindly go now and buy the Apple iTunes card.As soon as you get the iTunes card take picture of the $500 iTunes card send it immediately for a confirmation.
ham	Would you please inform me about the places that I could visit in the states.
spam	Sbdbdbx
ham	Greetings, . Sir i would like to know about how good a place is Mexico and what all places should i visit? . Regards. Abhishek Sethi
spam	Respected Sir, Greetings from DTU Cultural Council . Engifest, the annual cultural festival of Delhi Technological University (formerly DCE), is a 3-day extravaganza. DTU is among the top 10 engineering colleges in India and, with a footfall of over 75,000 as well as 300+ participating colleges, Engifest is one of the biggest cultural fest of India.  . Witnessing performances from stars like Amit Trivedi, BassJackers (amongst the top 30 DJs in the world), Sunidhi Chauhan, Piyush Mishra and Nucleya, the previous editions of the fest witnessed a huge rise in popularity and footfall and was, by far, the most successful year of Engifest, making it the biggest Cultural Fest of North India. . The link of the after-movie of Engifest '18 : . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zRv4NkCegLw. The link of the after-movie of Engifest '17:  . https://www.facebook.com/engifest/videos/1355853927873650/. The link of the after-movie of Engifest '16: . https://youtu.be/CIzBQTj1XFc . The upcoming gala promises to be even more exuberant and emphatic. We would like to associate with you, the proposal for which has been attached herewith for your kind perusal. Waiting for a prompt response.. Please have a look at the attachment for the details.. Regards,. Abhishek Sethi . Sent from vivo smartphone
spam	Hello Sir, Greetings from Cultural Council, Delhi College of Engineering. We are looking for sponsors and partners for our annual cultural fest- Engifest, which has a footfall of 75,000 and more than 300 colleges participating. We would like to associate with you and we can discuss the details and explore various possibilities, if you are interested. Regards Abhishek Sethi. Senior Corporate Executive. 7011875112
spam	saalon randi baazon , ek baar apise lene ke baad company vala koi phone nhi uthata. fraud ,totally fraud.
spam	chutiya company , totally fraud . total waste of money and time. gaand mara lo bhosdiwaalo. 
ham	Hi ,  i got to know about your company from a friend and i would like to know the details about a 5 day trip to Goa. The dates would be around 1st to 5th April,2019. can you please provide me with the detailed itinerary of the trip and please me tell me the tentative amount it will cost me per person. Reply me back on this email only. Thank you. Regards
ham	Hi , i got to know about your company from a friend and i would like to know the details about a 10-days family trip covering Singapore and Malaysia. The dates would be around 1st to 7th march,2019. can you please provide me with the detailed itinerary of the trip and please me tell me the tentative amount it will cost me per person. Reply me back on this email only. Thank you. Regards
ham	Greetings from eDC IIT Delhi . It gives us immense pleasure to introduce you to the annual Business and Entrepreneurship Conclave of eDC IIT Delhi- BECon 2019 (beconiitd.com).The 4-day summit is the flagship event of eDC IIT DELHI and is the biggest business and Entrepreneurship event in IIT . Date: 1st March 2019 - 4th March 2019 EXCLUSIVE BENEFITS: >Free-of-cost access to certified Workshops and Competitions. >Special offers for certified “One-day Internship Program”. >Opportunity to extend social sphere & enhance networking skills To register for this one-of-a-kind learning experience, you can register now using the following registration link. Based on the responses of the registration form, the top 400 delegates would get the opportunity to be a part of BECon 2019. Registration Link: http://beconiitd.com/indian-delegates/ Note: All the selected delegates would be required to submit an all-inclusive registration fee, in the following format which will be mailed to them with the instructions - - Rs 700 (Early Bird till 20th February 2019) - Rs 900 (20th February 2019 - 28th February 2019) The registration fee would include conference fees for all the 4 days, apart from food and snacks that will be offered to all the delegates over the entire 4-day period.eDC IIT Delhi is also offering paid accommodation services to all the delegates of BECon 2019 to facilitate their stay in New Delhi, the comprehensive details of which will be sent to the selected delegates through email. Accommodation Cost - Rs. 350/person/day Accommodation Location - The Hosteller, Saket (https://goo.gl/maps/5tTSpnNF46n) For any further details, you can visit our official website: http://beconiitd.com/ and Official Facebook Page https://www.facebook.com/edciitdelhi/. Regards eDC IIT Delhi Poster
ham	Oh, it’s been a whole month since we’ve told you about our latest product updates! Let’s see what’s new from Snovio this February: Hurrah! We’ve added Drip Campaign Templates From now on you can: use email templates built on AIDA and other effective copywriting formulas simplify the link building outreach process and connect with bloggers easier comprehensively present your ideas to investors in an easy-to-read way choose from a variety of multipurpose and specialized follow-ups
ham	Career Launcher in association with Entrepreneurship Development Cell, IIT Delhi presents Finance Workshop which will be giving a broad understanding of concepts involved in risk management and investment. SALIENT FEATURES: Certificates would be provided Trading and investment insights  A comprehensive and practical approach Please register through the following link: https://goo.gl/forms/HfDUCn9jlYiXoOpo2 If you want to make your money work hard for you by learning how to invest sensibly, this Workshop can be a valuable one-day spent for you. Workshop Details:
ham	Hey Saini Boy, Just letting you know that this Wednesday, March 13, our Snov.io service will be undergoing scheduled maintenance. It will only take 20 minutes, during which our service will be offline from 04:00 AM - 04:20 AM GMT. You are most likely not to notice it, but it's also a good reason to take a break and make yourself a cup of tea. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause, but even a well-oiled machine needs to be serviced from time to time. We will return better and faster. If you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to reach out at help@snov.io or via online chat. Thanks, Snov.io Team
ham	Hi Vaibhav, Greetings from upGrad! A Master's Degree in Machine Learning and AI from a foreign University is not just a dream, it is now a reality with upGrad and Liverpool John Moores University, UK. Enrol today in the first ever Online Master's Program in Machine Learning & AI and be eligible for the early bird scholarship of Rs. 35,000 valid for the first 50 enrollments only, Hurry up because we just have a few seats left! Details to Note: Get a Master's Degree (M.Sc) in Machine Learning and AI from Liverpool John Moores University, UK upon successfully completing the program Program Duration - 18 Months    Price - 4,85,000 INR Inclusive of taxes Program Start Date - 31st March 2019 All you have to do is take a quick online proctored test. Do note, that today is the last day to take the shortlisting test! Take the Test NOW! Download the program brochure and understand the program in detail : http://www2.upgrad.com/e/374912/2VNLVXE/68mwc7/2250814898?h=JxY6jCfnbpwc3ZOwNEevNBE2wgcMuXW-cm6gHZTdPuQ Feel free to write to us on mastersml@upgrad.com for more information on the same.
ham	Greetings from eDC IIT Delhi It gives us immense pleasure to introduce you to the annual Business and Entrepreneurship Conclave of eDC IIT Delhi- BECon 2019 (beconiitd.com).The 4-day summit is the flagship event of eDC IIT DELHI and is the biggest business and Entrepreneurship event in IIT. Date: 1st March 2019 - 4th March 2019 EXCLUSIVE BENEFITS: >Free-of-cost access to certified Workshops and Competitions. >Special offers for certified “One-day Internship Program”. >Opportunity to extend social sphere & enhance networking skills To register for this one-of-a-kind learning experience, you can register now using the following registration link. Based on the responses of the registration form, the top 400 delegates would get the opportunity to be a part of BECon 2019.  Registration Link: http://beconiitd.com/indian-delegates/ Note: All the selected delegates would be required to submit an all-inclusive registration fee, in the following format which will be mailed to them with the instructions -  - Rs 700 (Early Bird till 20th February 2019) - Rs 900 (20th February 2019 - 28th February 2019) The registration fee would include conference fees for all the 4 days, apart from food and snacks that will be offered to all the delegates over the entire 4-day period.eDC IIT Delhi is also offering paid accommodation services to all the delegates of BECon 2019 to facilitate their stay in New Delhi, the comprehensive details of which will be sent to the selected delegates through email. Accommodation Cost - Rs. 350/person/day Accommodation Location - The Hosteller, Saket (https://goo.gl/maps/5tTSpnNF46n) For any further details, you can visit our official website: http://beconiitd.com/ and Official Facebook Page https://www.facebook.com/edciitdelhi/.


